com/sammycode/notesample/di/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/login/LoginFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.LoginFragment_MembersInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/BR.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.BR
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_ui_note_NoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_ui_note_NoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/note/NoteViewModel_Factory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.NoteViewModel_Factory
com/sammycode/notesample/NoteApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.NoteApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_di_NetworkModule
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/login/RegisterFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.RegisterFragment_MembersInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/login/Hilt_RegisterFragment.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.Hilt_RegisterFragment
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/login/AuthViewModel_Factory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.AuthViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_ui_note_NoteViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_ui_note_NoteViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/note/NoteViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.NoteViewModel_HiltModules
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.NoteViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.NoteViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/note/NoteFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.NoteFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.sammycode.notesample.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.sammycode.notesample.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/login/LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_ui_note_MainFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_ui_note_MainFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/BuildConfig.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.BuildConfig
com/sammycode/notesample/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/login/AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_ui_login_AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_ui_login_AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/sammycode/notesample/api/AuthInterceptor_Factory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.api.AuthInterceptor_Factory
com/sammycode/notesample/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/sammycode/notesample/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.sammycode.notesample.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/sammycode/notesample/utils/TokenManager_Factory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.utils.TokenManager_Factory
com/sammycode/notesample/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
com/sammycode/notesample/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/login/RegisterFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.RegisterFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/repository/NoteRepository_Factory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.repository.NoteRepository_Factory
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/note/Hilt_MainFragment.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.Hilt_MainFragment
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/login/Hilt_LoginFragment.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.Hilt_LoginFragment
com/sammycode/notesample/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_ui_note_NoteFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_ui_note_NoteFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/sammycode/notesample/databinding/NoteItemBinding.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.databinding.NoteItemBinding
com/sammycode/notesample/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesNoteAPIFactory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesNoteAPIFactory
com/sammycode/notesample/repository/UserRepository_Factory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.repository.UserRepository_Factory
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/note/NoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.NoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.NoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/note/MainFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.MainFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_ui_login_RegisterFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_ui_login_RegisterFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/api/AuthInterceptor_MembersInjector.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.api.AuthInterceptor_MembersInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/login/AuthViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.AuthViewModel_HiltModules
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.AuthViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.login.AuthViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_NoteApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_NoteApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/databinding/FragmentNoteBinding.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.databinding.FragmentNoteBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_ui_login_AuthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_ui_login_AuthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_sammycode_notesample_NoteApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_sammycode_notesample_NoteApplication
com/sammycode/notesample/databinding/FragmentVideoConferenceBinding.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.databinding.FragmentVideoConferenceBinding
com/sammycode/notesample/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/sammycode/notesample/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesRetrofitFactory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesRetrofitFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_sammycode_notesample_ui_login_LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_sammycode_notesample_ui_login_LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/sammycode/notesample/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/sammycode/notesample/ui/note/Hilt_NoteFragment.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.ui.note.Hilt_NoteFragment
com/sammycode/notesample/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesUserAPIFactory.java
 com.sammycode.notesample.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesUserAPIFactory
